CREATED AT: 2023-01-21 22:56:16.957668
BASE DOMAIN: https://wpo.eu


SOURCE: https://wpo.eu
We reduce the cost of energy
field inspections per year
All rights reserved
We are in the business of trust. We tailor and deliver bespoke specialist services such as due diligence, site inspection, tendering, and insurance brokerage. Our ultimate aim is Client’s satisfaction.
Job Vacancies
Dashb
Technical due diligence
Site inspections
+1,000
Where we do it
Website Disclaimer
+6.4
These are spread over 13 countries through 34 office hubs and service points throughout Europe and overseas.
Our services have no boundaries
Watch our European Span
Log Out
ard
About WPO
Sweden - Stockholm
WPO - In the business of positive energy - GreenTokens
Ireland - Dublin
We deliver an integrated service
is an intelligent and seamless app for energy data management. Our advanced analytic matches energy data with decades of real renewable expertise to maximise asset performance.
Advanced analytics
asset management services
France - Paris
We take care of your assets
Request a call back
audited projects since 2008
Asset Management
As advisors and custodians of your investments, our team is dedicated to ensuring your assets’ optimum security and performance.
Spain - Madrid
Interested in WPO!
Asset management
Specialist Services
Contact us
About
We bring digitalisation into the heart of renewables.
© WPO 2022
o
Find out more
At WPO, we are playing our part in the urgently needed global energy transition by making Renewables work. With over 6.4 GW in our portfolio, we take care of world-renowned investors’ assets by providing safe, reliable and fit-for-purpose asset management, and specialist services.
What we do
We currently provide asset management, specialist services, and software as a service for over 940 generation sites.
+50
Our services
How we do it
Home
gw
We optimise performance through appropriate application of systems and resources. We always stay true to our core philosophy of providing a service that is safe, reliable and fit-for-purpose.
Careers
Software as a Service
Germany - Frankfurt
Services
UK - Manchester
welcome@wpo.eu
Finland - Helsinki
In the business of positive energy


SOURCE: https://wpo.eu/services/
We offer a full range of technical, commercial, financial and
TECHNICAL
HSEQ audits
For wind, solar, hydro & storage
Budget tracking
Easy asset connection
TECHNICAL ADVISORY
ESG reporting
TECHNICAL INSPECTIONS
Dashboard
Forecasting & budgeting
By Experts | For Experts
INSURANCES
The full range
Bespoke testing & measurements
Comprehensive health KPIs
Tailored for you
corporate services.
We currently provide asset management and other tailored specialist services for more than 940 wind farms, solar parks, hydropower plants and battery storage sites. This portfolio totals more than 6.4 GW, spread over 13 European countries and overseas.
Warranty management
Insurances
PROCUREMENT & TENDERING
Our services know no limits
COMMERCIAL
Contracts management
Lender compliance
Sourcing
Accounting
Cash management
SITE MANAGEMENT
Company secretarial
Due diligence
Software as a service
Cloud-based
Financial model updates & distributions
Contractor management
Technical opinions
Project compliance
Emergency response
HSEQ checks
Policy audits
Procurement
We provide a range of specialist bespoke services for wind, solar, hydro and battery storage assets.
Services - WPO
HSE compliance
Public relations
Contracting
Off-taker management
Portfolio overview
Dashboard brings a suite of advanced analytics to make sense of your renewable assets’ data by providing a clear overview of your entire portfolio.
Performance analysis
Embedded field experience
Claims management
Specialist services
.
Monitoring and reporting
FINANCIAL
Mobile app
Commissioning
Tendering
Benchmarking
24 / 7 / 365 Control Centre
Insurance brokerage
End of warranty


SOURCE: https://wpo.eu/contact/
I enjoy the challenges that come with the day-to-day management of wind farms both technically and conceptually, since they are at the heart of the energy transition the world so badly needs.
Stephen Albury, Site Services Manager - Sweden
La mission principale du Site Manager est de participer à l’exploitation technique des sociétés et sites de production d’énergies renouvelables placées en régie chez la Société WPO.
Since I started at WPO, I’ve had the opportunity, together with HR, to select and hire my own Site Service Coordinators group. With the support from the whole WPO team, we have now successfully secured a solid base in Sweden.
Careers - WPO
Sales Engineer (France or UK)
Send us your application
This is an great opportunity to join a dynamic company, learning about the operation from the ground up. Working on a five-week rota, operating over a 24-hour shift pattern, this department is the first point contact that many people will have with WPO as you will allow contractor personnel access to and from wind farm sites. Additionally, the team are responsible for controlling, monitoring and maintaining records of access to and from sites thereby minimising the risk of accident, injury or illness by operating in accordance with Wind Turbine Safety Rules.
We are looking for a Sales Engineer to join our dynamic Sales and Business Development team.  This is a great opportunity to be part of a successful and growing renewables business.  With primary responsibility for supporting sales of services across the Group, as well as related contracting and data capture processes, the successful candidate will be involved in the full project life cycle from initial enquiry and quotation to order to delivery including after sales and the recovery of invoices.
Want to work with WPO? Please take a look at our current opportunities
provide financial reporting and administrative services to our external portfolio of client windfarm and solar sites. We are now looking for a part time (equivalent to 22.5 hours pw) Finance Assistant to join our team, please state on your application which days/hours you would like to work.
Niall Harkin, Site Services Coordinator - Ireland
We are always looking for new positive energy. We seek keen candidates
This role manages all sales records and documentation ensuring that sales leads and issued proposals are properly recorded and tracked. Once contracts are signed responsibilities range from supervising the receipt of signed orders/contracts through to invoicing and post-sales administration.
Stage Ingénieur d’Exploitation (H/F)–Région de Nantes
Il.elle sera impliqué au quotidien dans l’analyse et le reporting des parcs éoliens. A ce titre, il.elle participera à l’analyse de données, l’identification des comportements anormaux et la recherche de solutions techniques.
Dans le cadre des inspections des sites de production, des déplacements locaux sont à prévoir
Sales Administrator (France or UK)
See our opportunities
will strengthen their competencies.
We have an exciting opportunity to join our talented finance team based in Bramhall, near Stockport. The WPO Group is a privately owned provider of expert services including technical and commercial asset management services to our renewable energy clients. Our finance team
“I’ve been a member of the WPO family for 3 years now, and it’s still as exciting today as the day I started! I enjoyed and had great work colleagues at my previous job, but I was given the opportunity to join WPO and took that opportunity as I believed in their core business as true independent Asset Managers. I haven’t looked back and am still very much excited about it.
I have the freedom to manage my own workload and lead a team of motivated colleagues. In my role as Site Services Manager and managing our clients assets, I have been entrusted with having regular dialogue with our clients and supporting the other business units of the company: HSE, HR, Commercial, Business Development, etc. This trust from the leadership has offered me the ability to widen my expertise.”
Job vacancies
Chargé.e d’Exploitation (Site Manager) - Région de Nantes/Rennes ou Reims
Operational Controller (Manchester or Ireland)
Contracts Manager
Passionate, autonomous people, ready for stimulating challenges that
“I have been working with WPO for over 2 years and I currently assist the Health & Safety department with HV works including reviewing RAMS. During this period, I have worked on all the Irish windfarms that WPO manages, which gives me good knowledge of the sites across the country.
willing to work in a company experiencing fast development in an inspiring sector.
Le/la stagiaire ingénieur interviendra sur les différents cycles du reporting éolien/solaire à destination des clients. Il/elle sera pleinement intégré(e) à l'équipe qui supervise les parcs éoliens et les centrales solaires.
I also enjoy the opportunities WPO constantly offers to add new qualifications and skills to its team members. After working for over 28 years in the electrical and mechanical environment, I still believe that I can always learn something new and I welcome the opportunities the company offers me.”
The Contracts Manager will be responsible for executing WPO’s business development strategy and maximising sales. The candidate will work together with the Group Sales and Business Development (SBD) Director and the SBD team in order to maximise commercial opportunities and proactively contribute to the profitability of the business.
FINANCE ASSISTANT - Manchester


SOURCE: https://wpo.eu/about/
2016
WPO
2014
Director, Human Resources
2019
Group operations expand to Sweden, Luxembourg, Finland, Austria and Italy.
2011
2008
Wind Prospect SAS launches its inspections business stream.
Our senior management team is shown below:
2012
Wind Prospect Ltd builds and operates its first wind farm: Haverigg, in the UK.
Reliable
Providing European leadership
Derek Henderson
“WPO: in the business of positive energy”.
The solar business stream is launched.
WPO services over 6.4 GW across 940 wind, solar, hydro and storage sites in 13 European countries.
2022
10 years of success and profitable growth.
Take-over of Kaiserwetter's business in Germany, Spain & Denmark.
2013
2015
Launch of Battery-storage & Hydropower Services.
We meet our clients’ best interests by delivering services that are efficient and cost effective
Originally an acronym for Wind Prospect Operations, the three letters of our current name, simply “WPO”, continue to proudly recall our pioneering roots.
Barthélémy Rouer
Alexandre Bertrand
Staying safe is our first priority, which is underpinned by our excellent safety record
Delphine Hubas
Partner, Managing Director
2017
We aim to be the number one choice for Europe’s renewable energy sector. We achieve this by continuing to provide a world-class, expert service – reducing the cost of energy while staying true to our core values of always being safe, reliable and fit-for-purpose.
We are WPO
Director, Health & Safety, Quality
Director, Group CFO
Digitalisation & Data
Wind Prospect SAS enters the German market.
Wind Prospect SAS and Wind Prospect Operations Ltd merge. The Wind Prospect Operations Group is born.
WPO listed in Financial Times FT-1000 - Europe's Fastest Growing Company 2017
We stake our reputation on always meeting industry and contract requirements
Our team consists of over 90 expert professionals based in 34 locations throughout Europe. Their skills are reinforced by more than two decades of corporate experience in the renewable energy industry.
About - WPO
Duncan Levie
Wind Prospect SAS, a subsidiary of Wind Prospect Group Ltd, is created in France for wind asset management and advisory services. It soon becomes a leader of technical due-diligence in this fast-consolidating sector.
Wind Prospect Operations Ltd is created in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Partner, CEO
Hugues Thibault
2020
ISO 9001-14001-45001 Certification
Safe
2021
1995
Christophe Cuzol
Wind Prospect Operations Group changes its name to WPO and releases its new visual identity.
2018
2010
Wind Prospect SAS becomes independent of Wind Prospect Group Ltd.
Director, Technical Operations
We launch our Blockchain project to accelerate the Energy Transition.
Today, we are the leading independent services provider in the EU and UK for the renewable investors.
Our ambition and values
Fit for purpose
Sales & Business Development
Director, Commercial Finance
In the Business of Positive Energy since 2008 !
WPO services over 5 GW across 600 wind and solar sites in 10 European Countries.
Our history
Lara Moretti
Launch of Blockchain Services. Emission of 4 million Utility GreenTokens and GoCerts to digitalise the Energy Transition.
The WPO team


SOURCE: https://wpo.eu/job-vacancies/
•	Rechercher des prestataires, faire établir des propositions techniques, les comparer
•	Assist with the collection, processing and presentation of sales and marketing information
• Upload payments to electronic banking systems for payment
provide financial reporting and administrative services to our external portfolio of client windfarm and solar sites.
•	Process and feed all the data relating to WPO’s renewable industry ecosystem.
• Create and manage contract WPO’s contract templates library and contract dataroom (including
SALES MANAGEMENT
•	Piloter des interventions et coordonner les différents sous-traitants sur site en fonction des directives et consignes HSEQ
• Assistance with the preparation of periodic VAT returns for review by a senior
Le/la stagiaire ingénieur interviendra sur les différents cycles du reporting éolien/solaire à destination des clients. Il/elle sera pleinement intégré(e) à l'équipe qui supervise les parcs éoliens et les centrales solaires:
.Intérêt pour les énergies renouvelables
• BUPA private healthcare
• Ensure that all key counter-party contract obligations are properly flagged to WPO’s operational, sales and administration teams
• Significant experience in assisting sales, business development and client management
heads of terms proposals, confidentiality agreements, contracts, amendments, notices, etc.)
-Collecte d'informations rigoureuse et sens du reporting
•	Interest in the technical-commercial function
Le personnel WPO évolue au rythme de sa croissance, dans un environnement à taille humaine, convivial et particulièrement flexible, proposant des missions à forte valeur ajoutée. Chacun a la possibilité de valoriser et développer ses compétences qui s'alimentent au contact d'une équipe passionnée et motivée pour contribuer au développement des énergies renouvelables
To apply, you must have at least 2 years’ experience as a Finance Assistant or similar role, specifically with experience of processing financial data. With excellent attention to detail you will also have strong IT skills, particularly Excel.
•	S’assurer de la bonne réalisation des missions de l'entreprise selon les prescriptions des contrats signés par les clients
Education and Qualification
Management of the contact database and mapping of the ecosystem
• Attractive Package
Support with sales proposals and tenders
• Base location : in any of WPO's head offices across Europe - Teleworking (part time or full time) possible
•	Ability to evolve in a dynamic and changing commercial environment
-Autonomie.
•	Rigor, organisation, analytical mind and sense of priority
La société WPO recrute dans la région de Nantes un(e) stagiaire Ingénieur d'Exploitation dont la mission principale est d'assister l'équipe d'ingénieurs qui gèrent et contrôlent l’exploitation technique des sociétés de production d’énergies renouvelables (éolienne/solaire) placées en régie chez WPO, en étroite collaboration avec les Chargés d’Exploitation présents en région.
•	Support the sales team in the preparation of commercial proposals adapted to the customer's specifications, identify the cost corresponding to the services and ensure the follow-up of current proposals.
•	Fluent in French/English
• Enjoys working in an international environment
• Significant proven ability of creating, issuing and managing commercial contracts ensuring commercial liabilities are protected
Profil
• Assist the H&S Department in the organisation and compilation of site safety documentation
•	Suivre la relation contractuelle avec les différents interlocuteurs (Enedis, prestataires de maintenance, etc.)
• Excellent communication skills (verbal & written) - Fluent English
•	Assist with developing customer relationships in order to increase the value of WPO’s services to its customers and build a loyal network on the long term
• Assistance on a variety of tasks where required (e.g. monthly management accounts, annual budgets, preparation of period end journals)
Reporting to the Senior Management Accountant, this role will provide administrative and financial support to WPO’s clients to ensure financial transactions are recorded and processed correctly. The role will assist with the accounting on a number of entities; processing sales and purchase
•	Tenir à jour le planning annuel des maintenances, des inspections réglementaires, etc.
• Operation and continual development of the Operational Control Systems
• Flexible working (please detail on your application which days/hours you are interested in)
In this context, the Sales Administrator will participate in the optimisation of commercial offers, with the aim to automate proposals according to the different types of services (due diligence, technical site inspection, management of operation of wind/solar/battery-storage assets) - in order to make the tendering/contracting process as efficient as possible.
To apply, you must be IT literate and have excellent communication skills as the role is the first point of contact within WPO. Additionally you must be interested in renewables and be keen to learn. Candidates with a knowledge of wind energy would be at a distinct advantage, however full on the job training will be provided. Finally, it is essential that applicants must be comfortable with working nights and weekends as this is part of the shift arrangement.
Required Skills
IT literate (confidence with basic functions in Microsoft Outlook, Excel and Word)
COMPETENCES REQUISES
• Liaise with prospective clients to interpret requirements and meet needs, maintaining a professional and close relationship with all clients/stakeholders
The role includes management of the entire commercial sales process from commercial lead generation, preparation/negotiation of tender documents and contracts through to contract execution and revenue collection.
•	Support SBD team in identifying technical and commercial opportunities to increase the content and quality of WPO's service offering;
• Customer Service experience, ideally gained from a telephone-based role
•	Mastery of IT tools (SAP/Sage software, CRM, spreadsheets)
• Improve the sales process and market data.
• Great attention to detail
- Procéder à une veille technologique régulière, actualisation et amélioration des méthodes et procédures
- Participer à l’élaboration et validation des rapports techniques mensuels
•	Gérer les relations locales avec les parties-prenantes locales, notamment les propriétaires fonciers et les exploitants agricoles des sites de production.
• Transfer of Control of the Wind Turbine Generator Plant and/or LV Apparatus
Place of Work & Package
• Able to work effectively and flexibly within a small team
• Working knowledge of sales and legal techniques; marketing as a plus
The person
• Experience of working in a busy, deadline driven environment and able to manage own workload/multiple tasks whilst being adaptable to changing priorities
•	Reporter les informations d’exploitation des interlocuteurs techniques dans les systèmes et outils informatiques en place, et gérer leurs archivages
- Piloter les sujets techniques du portefeuille (éventuels dysfonctionnements, sous-performances, bris, dégâts, etc. affectant les équipements et leur infrastructure; rechercher et expliquer les causes, proposer des solutions d’amélioration, et, le cas échéant, piloter leur mise en œuvre).
• Hybrid working (2 days max per week in the office)
• Ensure that all transactional/source documentation has been properly captured, recorded, coded and processed in accordance with WPO procedures and best practice
•	Excellent communication and interpersonal relationships
Coordination & Reporting
This role attracts a salary of approximately £25,000 (Full Time Equivalent) depending upon experience,
• On site parking
Key tasks/ duties
• Ability to work stand-alone while a positive contributor to the wider team
Skills & Experience Required
.Maîtrise des outils informatiques
• Willingness to work shift work/non routine hours including weekends
By providing asset management services on over 6 GW of wind and solar sites with a capital value of €8bn generating €1.2bn of electricity sales annually, WPO is a market leader in Finland, France, Ireland, Spain, Sweden, and in the UK.
Bac+5, école d’Ingénieur
• Process bank postings
• Solutions based, motivated to achieve the highest standards of performance and client support
This is an great opportunity to join a dynamic company, learning about the operation from the ground up. Working on a five-week rota, operating over a 24-hour shift pattern, this department is the first point contact that many people will have with WPO as you will allow contractor personnel access to and from wind farm sites. Additionally, the team are responsible for controlling, monitoring and maintaining records of access to and from sites thereby minimising the risk of accident, injury
The WPO Group is an independent European platform of renewable energy expert-services.
Sales Administration
• Prepare, negotiate and issue commercial contracts ensuring all contract agreements are appropriately structured and agreed with clients, subcontractors and the WPO service delivery team to ensure all technical, commercial and legal obligations can be complied with in accordance with the agreed price and work-scope parameters
• Identify commercial risks/issues and suggest alternatives leading to the best practical solution
• Possesses excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, to influence and negotiate
• Control work orders for routine and non-routine turbine work
•	Calculer des indicateurs techniques, participer à la rédaction des livrables (notamment les rapports mensuels), produire des notes techniques à destination de clients, mainteneurs, gestionnaires de réseaux…
- Superviser les parcs éoliens multi-constructeurs (Nordex, Enercon, Siemens Gamesa, Senvion, Vestas) et les centrales photovoltaïques
• Shift working, including weekends, will be involved as the cover is required 24hrs per day every day
.Excellente communication et relations interpersonnelles.
• Ideally a primary degree in engineering or technical discipline followed by a commercial or contract or legal qualification
•	Interest in renewable energies
BAC+2/3 de type formation supérieure technique (BTS, DUT, Licence Pro) à dominante informatique, industrielle ou électrique/électrotechnique (type DUT informatique industrielle/Réseaux & Télécommunications / Génie Electrique / Génie Thermique et Energie, etc.).
Maintaining strong and productive relationships with clients and stakeholders in WPO’s global ecosystem will also be a key aspect of this role.
Poste en télétravail dans la région de Nantes/Rennes ou Reims.
• Several years’ all-round bookkeeping/accounting essential, preferably with an SME
- Organiser, conduire et/ou participer aux réunions avec les clients et les prestataires intervenant sur les sites
Benefits
• Health and Safety qualification (e.g., IOSH Managing Safely) or experience would be advantageous
- Suivre la relation contractuelle avec les différents interlocuteurs (Enedis, prestataires de maintenance, etc.)
•	Promouvoir et être garant de l’application du règlement et des procédures de la Société WPO et notamment des règles d’Hygiène, Santé, Sécurité & Environnement prescrites par les clients et à minima par la Société WPO ;
• Understand WPO’s wide range of services
The Role
•	Coordinate with internal services (Finance) to provide periodic reporting on sales
.Organisation et réactivité afin de coordonner les actions avec les différents services et intervenants
• Familiar with online accounting systems, preferably Quickbooks, Sage and/or Xero
•	Sense of customer and compromise
- Respecter et faire appliquer les lois et réglementations en vigueur relatives à l’exploitation des sites, en particulier en termes d’Hygiène, Santé, Sécurité et Environnement, en collaboration avec le Chargé d’Exploitation en région
Marketing & communication
The Person
• Ensure consistent application of policies/processes within the sales & business development team
MARKETING AND COMMUNICATION
The role
Job Description
• Ensure that only Competent Persons are approved and permitted for working on theWind Farm
• Attend industry events and commercial client meetings
•	Gérer les relations avec les sociétés de maintenance, les équipementiers, les gestionnaires de réseaux et les fournisseurs techniques, dans l’intérêt durable des clients
Sales Administrator - (Paris or Manchester)
• Contribute to ensuring WPO is appropriately marketed to our existing and potential clients/stakeholders;
Operational Controller - Manchester or Ireland
Our clients are asset owners, investors, lenders and insurers.
EXPERIENCE
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS AND ATTRIBUTES
The WPO Group is an independent European platform of renewable energy expert-services. Our clients are asset owners, investors, lenders and insurers. By providing asset management services on 6.4GW of wind and solar sites with a capital value of €6bn generating €750m of electricity sales annually, WPO is the market leader in France, UK, Ireland and Sweden. Our integrated service offering also includes technical due-diligence, asset inspections, testing and insurance brokerage. WPO currently operates across 13 European countries through 34 offices or service points.
• Good working knowledge of MS Office (Excel, Word, Outlook)
• Develop client relationships to maximise repeat business opportunities
•	Analyser et traiter les alarmes du système de supervision
• Accustomed to working effectively in a fast-paced environment, adapting to changing workloads and priorities, where high standards are not compromised under pressure
•	Déclarer les sinistres auprès des assurances et en assurer le suivi
•	Minimum 2 years' administrative experience
• Support and deputise for the SBD Director or CEO on commercial matters where required
•	Supervise sales administration, ensuring shared information is always up to date (from contract signing to invoicing)
WPO currently operates across 13 countries through 34 offices or service points.
• Assist with the development of appropriate marketing tools and communications
Le Site Manager se verra principalement attribuer les tâches suivantes :
-De bonnes qualités relationnelles pour le travail en équipe et les relations humaines
• 2x Life Assurance
• Computer literate with well-developed IT skills across the Microsoft suite
-Aisance avec l’outil informatique (Word et Excel)
PERSONAL SKILLS AND ATTRIBUTES
• 25 days annual leave (plus bank holidays) pro rata
• 5% employer contributory pension scheme
• Working knowledge and understanding of the renewable energy sector
• Liaise with the various OEM’s, Distribution Network Operator’s and communication providers to ensure efficient operation of these assets
ledgers, managing bank accounts, general ledger posting and liaising with suppliers and third parties. For the right candidate there will be opportunities to be involved in other areas of finance as the role develops.
Person Specification and Experience
•	Propose improvements
• Contract type : permanent, full-time
•      Superviser de manière régulière et assidue la performance des actifs qui lui sont affectés, afin de maximiser leur production et leur durée de vie
.Qualité rédactionnelle en français et anglais
-Bon niveau de français et d’anglais (écrit et oral)
•	Conduire et/ou participer aux inspections de sites
• Assist the H&S Department to ensure that training records and medical records are up to date
• File, document and process of incoming and outgoing communications
• Highly numerate with a strong attention to detail and excellent planning & organising skills
We are now looking for a part time (equivalent to 22.5 hours pw) Finance Assistant to join our team, please state on your application which days/hours you would like to work.
•	A strong level in Excel and Access will be a great plus
Skills Required
Our integrated service offering also includes technical due-diligence, asset inspections, testing and insurance brokerage.
• Ensure that required H&S documentation is in place and recorded by OC for all on site work prior to commencement
Dans le cadre des inspections des sites de production, des déplacements locaux sont à prévoir.
The WPO Group is an independent European platform of renewable energy expert-services. Our clients are asset owners, investors, lenders and insurers. By providing asset management services on 6.4GW of wind and solar sites with a capital value of €6bn generating €750m of electricity sales annually, WPO is the market leader in France, UK, Ireland and Sweden. Our integrated service offering also includes technical due-diligence, asset inspections, testing and insurance brokerage. WPO currently operates across 13 European countries through 34 offices or service points
• Using the different Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) SCADA’s to monitor WPO managed assets across Ireland, UK and Europe
Process purchase invoices ensuring internal/external sign-off
CONTRACTS MANAGEMENT
•	Improve, standardise and automate business management tools; including contracts and invoicing databases
• Excellent professional (or native) English – Spanish, French German as a plus.
•	Set up and feed sales databases, dashboards and other CRM tools
- S’assurer de la bonne réalisation des missions de l'entreprise selon les prescriptions des contrats signés par les clients.
•	Identifier les éventuels dysfonctionnements, sous-performances, bris, dégâts, etc. affectant les équipements et leur infrastructure ; rechercher et expliquer les causes ; proposer des solutions d’amélioration
or illness by operating in accordance with Wind Turbine Safety Rules.
Une première expérience sur des problématiques similaires est nécessaire.
Job Vacancies - WPO
• Prepare and submit commercial proposals and contracts to prospective clients
• Act as Emergency contact on all Operational sites in the event of an Emergency
• Childcare vouchers
Stage Ingénieur d’Exploitation (H/F) – Région de Nantes
• Sales invoicing